okay Lu depo back here again real quick
and when you're going to do a pool
heater you're going to purchase three
main items you're going to purchase the
SDR eleven gas pipe the proper diameter
and the proper distance depending on
what pool heater you're doing or Heat
are you doing and this is the pipe let
me see if I can get here you go
okay and these are the rises this
happens to be about a 24 inch riser now
as you can see it's got the coupling
from the factory it's called a stab
coupling and you can see the grease in
there waiting to accept the pipe and it
could goes from the coupling back to the
SDR 11 and converts into steel from the
manufacturer and then winds up with the
thread at the top that you can screw a
union or an elbow on and go into the
house or of a valve or whatever you're
going to do and as you can see as a sign
do not bury a blow this line so this
would be sticking up out of the grass to
here that would put you 18 inches to 20
inches deep which is code for gas line
all right so these are the Rises you
would buy two of these one for one end
then you connect your gas line and it
I've wanted the other end where the pool
heat is going to be one for the meter
and against the house close to the meter
one very close to the pool heater and of
course this pipe inserts into this
coupling if I can't do it here because
it's extremely hard to do you take the
pipe and you insert it in it's called a
stab coupling and you'll push it till it
goes all the way in there was a chamfer
tool which I don't have with me that you
must buy and use or borrow and it simply
it cleans the inside and the outside and
it burns it down and makes it small
almost like a bullet tip it chamfers it
inside and outside makes it very easy to
insert into this stab coupling which it
goes right in there it's very hard to do
but once you're done it's done it just
pushes in about two inches and that's it
you're done of course I didn't do it
because I don't have the champion tool
down here but that's it so I'm going to
draw it on the board fiea we're going to
go
for drawing well whether it be an
absolute gas pool heater or a detached
garage we're going to run the guess like
two or anything that you're going to run
an underlying gas line to they don't run
gas lines above the ground anymore I
guess you could if you wanted to but
people trip over them and it's kind of
difficult to do so pretty much
everything's underground now